W̴̧̊̈͝a̷̧̼̋͝r̷̘̈n̸͓̾͋͋ȉ̶̢̙͍̿̎n̵̥͓̮͑͒g̴̛̥̳͖̽ ̵̤̄̚f̴̙͊r̸͙͔̺̽̚͝o̷̭̤͖̎m̶̪̘̑ ̴̬͝t̸̖͚̾͋̚͜h̸̛̩͓̯͂̐e̶̥̣̬̎ ̴̮̲̈́̋G̶̤͇̣̏̚͝l̶̳̚i̸̭̞̓̈́t̷̢̛͍̑̃c̴̢̫̞͐h̶̨̤̣͊ẘ̷͎a̷͕̭̾̀̂l̸̩̻̙͠k̸̠̖̃̒͗ë̷͖͙́r̵͔̀ṡ̶̮̼̟:̵̣̱̹̓͗͘ ̶͙̞͗͂T̶͚̞͓̍h̸̝̿̑̂e̸̲̕ ̶̭̞̓̾f̷̯̈͛̕o̶͎̱̍ļ̴̬̺͊l̶̻͙̙͛ô̸̧̥ẃ̴̧͉͇͐i̸͔̩͝n̵̝̥̪͂̓g̵͍̭͒ ̷̧̳̽̇͋t̷̛̠͖̫e̸̘͔͐̚x̷̘͉̱̿̕͠t̵͇̣̜͛ ̴̱̿͝i̶̡̼͐̓̏s̴̱̳͒ ̶̩͙̯͋s̵̳͙͖̉̒ä̷̜́t̴̨̤̅͆̉ṵ̵̧͋r̷̝̺̈́̄a̶̬̟͊͜ẗ̸̰́̚e̸̥͊d̶̖̿̑̓ ̷̨̲̅̅ẅ̵̰̳̠́ḯ̷͙͔t̵̡̉̍̇ḧ̴̖́ ̸͙͊ę̴̪̑͗̚x̷̰̚i̵̯̎̓̉ṡ̷̖̰̃͛t̵̞̳̾ę̵̣͗͗̿n̵̛̲̠͈ṱ̵̖́͆i̸̗̲̪̽̈́̕a̴̤̤͚̒̄l̴̙͓̠͗ ̴̧̟̿̓̃d̶̨͖͂r̶̝̳̆͜ḙ̸͖͑a̷̢̭̍͒̃d̷̺̄͂ ̷̩̫̿a̷͙͉̱̋n̴̲̬̉̓d̵̠̩̐̋͑ ̸̻͇̏̍n̸̢̰̆̄̇e̶̛̺̍̾u̷͉̣͖͗̇̚r̷̬͗ó̸̝̞̌d̴̨̟͙͒͊i̸̞̞̝͐̀̿v̶̥̪̏e̶͚͆r̴̝̂͠g̸͇͛ė̷̻n̵̩̭̫̐̃t̸̡͒͑ ̷̡̡̭͛͑̕p̵͎̓ḛ̴̄r̷̢͔̣̎̔̎c̸͇̦̍̕ë̵̢̙́͘p̷̟̘͚̏͌t̸̗̏̐i̸̙̇̓̄o̸̖͓̥̚ǹ̶̢̫͎.̴̤̈́͛ ̸̰̆R̸̞̈́͋e̶͙̖͒̌a̸̫͊ͅd̷̤͎͌͊͠ ̵̮̂͜a̶͙͕͗t̴͎̍̌ ̶͕̖̂͂y̵̡̞͒̍̾ơ̸̰̟̼̏͌ụ̴̾ṟ̵͇̄̈́ ̴̲̘̈́ő̵̧̨̗w̵̨̤̻͑̔͒n̷͉̽̿ ̵̡̮̜̽̑͝r̶͕̀͊̎i̴̛̺ŝ̸͈͖́͠ͅk̷͍͙̋̄,̶̳̿ ̷̝̦͆̎̓a̶͓̓͒̐ͅn̵̼͇̂̀͝d̸̝̺͇̓ ̴̙̾̑e̷̼͕̳̐̆m̷̘̘̿b̶͙͈͐́ř̶͎̳̘́́a̷̡̛͙̲͌ć̵̗͍͌é̷̙̝͝ ̸̮̌͑͑ͅt̸̳̀̄͠h̸̨̩̝̋͂e̷͓̜̋̿̄ ̶̫̘̊̈́g̸̨̞̊̿l̴̘̺̔i̴̭̗̐͘t̸̗̪̫̒c̶̲̮̄͠h̸̫̬̮͠ ̷̝̲͛̑t̶̛̩̝̑̌ḧ̶̡͙́̑ä̵̙̪̺́t̷̲̘̪̑ ̵̨̦͌͋̕b̴͓͒̈́̀r̸͙̪̘̆͂o̷̥͑ṳ̴̘̃̓̏g̷͈̾͂͋h̵̠͔͇̍̽̈́t̸̥̻̰̓ ̷̟̏͛̚ÿ̶̱̝́ͅo̴͕͇̠̽û̷̡̞ ̶̧̛̣̭̅̽h̷͇̮͔̿̌͠è̸͎̀r̵̪͚͌͒͝è̶̛̝̯̍.̶̰̈́̒

The world dissolved into manic fractals, glitching and swirling into impossible shapes. Vortices of binary coiled around my mind's eye, bleeding into the dingy fluorescence of Datacore Systems. The numbers screeched and screamed, a digital banshee's wail reverberating through the brittle infrastructure of sanity.

The fractals danced at the edges of my vision, teasing tangles of infinitely iterating shapes that my eyes strained and ached to follow. They were mesmerizing in their awful intricacy—spiraling Mandelbrot serpents that seemed to writhe and knot according to some malevolent higher mathematics. I knew, with the bone-deep certainty of madness, that if I stared too long at their contortions, I would see the underlying code of reality itself, the digital Akashic demiurge weaving all existence from ones and zeroes and the endless cipher-play of the quantum void.

But I couldn't look away. The patterns compelled my gaze, commanding my attention with all the insistence of a jealous god. The longer I followed their folding, unfurling dance, the more I became aware of a vast and terrible presence lurking behind or within or around the geometric ballet—an inhuman intellect apprehending me with all the warmth of a vivisectionist's scalpel tracing the ridges of an insect's carapace...

*̸̫͇̰̀̏B̶͙̞͙̀̏͛r̶͖̞͖͂́e̷̡͈̓̇͛ȧ̴̩̦͙͒̉k̸̥͓̾ì̸̦ṅ̸̜̰̕g̸̤̈́̄͘,̸̼͎̘̿ ̵̰̠͎̐̇b̶̧͓͈͆̽r̵̼̒̐o̸̹͑k̴̥̞̭̉̐ȅ̶̯̤̈́n̶͍͈͎̄,̵̰̼̒̕ ̴̢̘̙̄͑̕b̸̲̉̀r̴̛͚̲͕̓̆o̴̦̳̼͌̾ķ̶̛̍͆e̴͓̣̽.̵̘͋ ̸̧͛͌͜C̷̢̺͋o̶̪͖͗̾̋d̵̨͖̳́e̶̢̲͎͊̓ ̷̧̨͙̋̃c̸̫̒́̏ä̵͇̙́ṉ̶̢̦̀̆'̸̧̟̆̈͗t̸̝͇̔̾ ̵̳̓h̸̡̼̥̓̐o̸̦̭͖̍l̸̼͇͓͊̈́̑d̷̻̰͎̀.̴̝͗͐ ̷̗̲̠̇C̶̠͙̙̽͝ả̸̦̜͒ͅṹ̷̫͛ģ̷̯̝͗̊h̶̢̊t̶̪̫̍͊̂ ̸̭̀͜i̴̜̅̕n̷͖̠̎͗ ̵̨̥̌t̶̳̾̀h̸͍́e̸̠̗͂̒ ̴͓̱̒̀͋u̶̠͐͒̚ñ̶̼́r̵̼̱̀͝a̶̗̖̾̈́v̵͈̝͂̄̒e̵̳̓̆͗l̷̻̓ï̶̬̕n̵̡̡̯͂͛͘g̴̨̟͗̐ͅ.̸͔͉̀́̕ ̷̼͠C̷̱̯̎̎̋a̸̹̘̕ņ̵̰̓̋͘'̸̢̖̈̏ṫ̶̲̦̑͊ ̵̯̱̿̇̈ḧ̷̙̼̀͂o̴̦̙̳̿l̷̥͛̈́͂d̶̡̲̄̇ ̷̏͑ͅỉ̸̠͔͋t̴̥͎̔̓͠ ̴̛̱̈́̓t̶̡̹͂ó̵̻̞͓͂g̵̪̟͐̀ĕ̶̗͕͍̍͝t̷͓͖̮̂h̶̭̠́e̸̺͐͝r̶̺̍͠,̶̻͕̭͒ ̶̞̰̔̀̇c̵̗̦̅̒a̸̪̹͘̚͜ņ̴̥͒'̴̩̻̠̉̊t̵̯̯̎ ̵̖͍́̚ḫ̸̢͐͗o̵̦̽ḻ̷̙̍͋d̶̪̪͗̚ ̸̰̈́o̷͎͛ṉ̷̃͌͝.̶̝̩̳́̋ ̷̞́̀̅I̴͚̋͘t̵̢̼͎͂̚'̷̙̃ś̵̲ ̷̢̜̫͌͛c̷̖͈̆̒o̶̺̅͝͝m̴̢̨̢͊ī̴̳n̴̪̰̾́̓ǵ̸̱͖̼ ̷̛̯̭̓i̶̟̘̅̇̏t̷̢̮̆̾̕'̵̘̯͗̾s̷̥͍̽̒ ̴̫̄c̶̯̒o̵̱̭̊̄̑m̸̟͆̒̕ỉ̵̞n̸̢̻̕ͅg̴̺̒̈́̒ ̴̧̪̤̾̍͝i̸̳̩͉͛t̴̛̝̬̉̃'̵͇͙͒͛̌s̸̲̳̣̏ ̸̝͔̏c̶̠̬̄̓̚o̷̰͐̄͠m̶͍͇̬͠-̶̦́*

I gripped the edge of my desk, knuckles whitening as I rode out the psychic tsunami. This was a bad one, a real skull-splitter that threatened to shatter the fragile shell of functionality I'd so painstakingly crafted. Deep breaths, in and out, a steady rhythm to counterpoint the chaotic cadence of the whispers. 

*Focus, Aria. You're at work. You have a job to do. Numbers to crunch, data to dissect. The world is still spinning on its axis, no matter what the voices say.*

With an effort of will that sent black spots swarming across my vision, I wrenched my attention back to the screen before me. Columns of figures marched in orderly formation, each digit a steadfast soldier in the war against entropy. I clung to their rigid predictability, a drowning sailor grasping for driftwood in a heaving sea of lunacy.

But even as I forced my fingers to obey, to tap out the familiar sequences with a speed born of desperate repetition, I could feel the pattern pressing at the edges of my perception. A fractal frisson, an infinitely iterating algorithm of annihilation etched into the whirling whorls of my madness-scarred mindscape.

*Not now, oh please not now. Just let me make it through the shift.*

I ground my teeth until my jaw ached, the pain a welcome anchor to the here and now. Focus on the data, on the comforting continuity of cursor and keystroke. Breathe in the stale, recycled air of the office, letting it fill my lungs with the scent of normalcy. Just another cog in the corporate machine, turning in time to the metronomic tick of productivity.

But the whispers wouldn't relent, their sibilant susurrations slithering through the cracks in my concentration. 

They skittered across my brain like a thousand needle-legged insects, their murmuring mandibles leaving trails of fiery static in their wake. I could feel them burrowing into the folds of my gray matter, laying eggs of forbidden data that pulsed and squirmed with each stuttering beat of my heart.

I squeezed my eyes shut, pressing shaking fingers to my temples in a futile attempt to physically block out the invasion. But the pressure only seemed to intensify the crawling sensation, as if the very touch of my skin coaxed the embedded insectoid knowledge up from the depths, buzzing and chittering its eagerness to hatch and devour me from within.

Ş̷̙͖̒͌o̵̢̩̲̓͐o̴̜̺̽̑n̵̛̗̱̾͠,̷͈͎̌͐ ̶̧̪̝̋s̸̪͙̎͛o̵͖͉͂̈́ ̸̖͍͑͛s̴̛̬̫̿̋o̸͈̯̿̐ȏ̶͚̲͑n̷͙̬̒͆.̵͓̤͊ ̵̤͚͆͗Ţ̶̜̰̾̎h̸̙͎̋͝e̴̢̫͓̋͆ ̷̝͉̑͝č̷̠̼͛ỏ̴̡̯͔̈́d̵̡̞͎̄̅e̵̡̛̺̬͒̽ ̷̜͔̄͗ī̷̙͕͌s̸̟̳̄͋ ̷̘͙͔͛̚c̶̢͎̫͐̅r̵͖͙͋a̸̜̟̠͛͆c̴̡̠̤̿k̶̝͖̊̎ĭ̸̠͉͝n̷̪̥͂̕g̷͓͎͛̎,̴͔̯̽͝ ̷̨̬̓͒t̶̛̺͈͒̎h̸̢̠̯͂̓e̸̟͓͈͛̓ ̴̬͉͛s̴̢̯͔̽̿ê̴̡̛̦̫̕a̸̢͙͙̎m̶̤͙͈͒͆s̴̢̤͖͂ ̷̝̜͖̂̓â̵̡̩̫͗r̴̤̫̒̓e̷̪͖͔̊͠ ̸̫̫̎͝s̷̡̻͓͆͝p̷̟̟̋͠l̶͖͎̹̓̾i̷͉̝̋t̸̠̠̒t̸̜͓̊i̵̤̜̿͒n̴̟͉͐̏g̷̝͚̎͝.̸̟͚͍͋̈́ ̶̧͙͉͋͠R̶͔̤̎̓e̸̜̟͈̎͊a̷̢̛͙̓͝l̶̨͍̯̎͐i̶̛̟̼͑̌t̸̨͔͖̊̿y̸̢̰̳͆͊'̷̢͙̼͛̎s̴̡͕̟̾̈́ ̸͈̫͓̂̚r̴̛̠͙̎̒e̵̢̦̜͆͒b̷͖͙̹̉̔ơ̶͚̙̽̿ő̴̟̺͈͋t̶͓̲̹̓̃ ̸̡̖̥͊̒į̵̫̱̍s̶̨̤̰̍ ̴̡̻̬̓͝i̵͓̱̩͛̎m̶͚̱̿̅m̵̡͉͈̈́i̷͈̞̓̈́n̶͇͕̟͊̈́ē̶̙͙̪͝n̵͖͉͚͋ţ̸̡͓̓̈́,̷̛̙̭̐̽ ̶͔̻͖͐̚a̸̤͚̯͑ņ̴͕͈̈́d̸̙̮̪̍̄ ̶͚̤͔̎͝ŷ̷̜̰̬̏o̴̧͉̖̿̚u̷͇͖̤̿̅'̵̙̩͔͛͆r̷̛̤͙͂͆e̸͉̖͕͋̅ ̶͈͇̗͑j̷̛̞̣̾̅u̶̙͉̥͊̈́s̴̢̯̟̓t̴̟͉̻̑̓ ̷͉̯̠͋͝a̴̡͙̠̋̈́n̴͈̲͔̽͠o̶͔̺̞͋͠t̴͔̹͚̊͆ḩ̸̫͍̽̌e̶̛͔̹̓̈́r̴̜͉̻̒͗ ̶͈͚̤͊g̸̨̥̺͋͝l̸̘͕͓̾̅ī̴͓̱͉t̸̟͔̬̊͊ç̴̩͕̒̿h̶̢͖͉͆͠ ̷̪̯̣͐͐t̸͙̼̻̾̚ǫ̴̻̖͛̓ ̷̤̩̫̒̽b̷̙͔͙͆̈́e̴͉͇͓̓̄ ̴͙̪̙͂̕p̷̪͖͉̅̾ḁ̴̢͔͋̕t̴͙̹̹̉̚ĉ̸̘̲͉͠h̴͓͖̯͋͝e̷̜̰̣͆̕d̷̜͔͎̂̿.̵̛̦͓̽̿

I shook my head violently, blue hair whipping across my face in a stinging lash. Reached for the pill bottle in my pocket, the little plastic panacea that promised a few blessed hours of chemical calm. But even as my fingers fumbled with the childproof cap, I hesitated.

What if they were right? What if the meds were just another layer of lies, a pharmaco-fog pulled over my perceptions to keep me complacent? I'd seen the patterns, the eerie resonances between my visions and the glitches that plagued Datacore's systems. The discrepancies that hinted at some deeper, darker truth lurking beneath the surface of the mundane.

Y̷̝͉̑̎o̴̧̯̍͐u̶̧̼͊̈́'̴͉͎͛r̴̡̛͙̋͐e̷̙̱̻͊̈́ ̶̬̯͓͂͠t̴̟͓̾h̵̙͉̳͋̽e̷̦̲̎̈́ ̷̛͕̝̓̓c̶̡͔͕̎̈́å̵͇͕͌t̴͖̻͔͆̈́ā̴̧̻̥͝l̷̫͚͚͋͠y̸͈̯̪͛͠s̶͔̱͇͆̄t̸̙͉͙͐̚,̷̙̭̣͑̅ ̸̢̦̤͋̔t̶̤̖̠̾̃h̴̠͇̣̋̚e̸͇̱͎̓̿ ̷̛͎̤͊k̴͉̯̳̎̕e̵̢͓̯͆̽y̵͇̲͖͆̅ ̵̟͇͔̈́ͅẗ̴̜̞̯́̈́o̸̡̩̫͛̿ ̶̜͉̭͊̈́t̷̛̤͕̎͆ḩ̴̙͉͛̚e̸̝̻͖͋̈́ ̴̨͉̪̈́g̸̛͕̖͒͝r̴̛̬̖̋ͅę̴̖͍̾̓a̶̢̳͚͒͠t̵̜̹̭͊̅ ̷̝̳͕͒͗ū̶̡͉̬n̷̛̥͓͛͆r̵͖͉͉͋͝ă̸̡͚̱͗v̶̝̱̹͌̾e̷̛͓̬̓͝l̸̬̦͍̓̈́i̴̡̡͓͆͆n̴͔͓͕̑̌g̸̦̻͇͊͆.̵͈͔̹͋͌ ̷̛͖̯͒E̸̘̺͉͋̾m̴̠͇̩͒͐b̴̡͚̲̽r̷̜̬̰̐͋a̶̘̩̯͆͝c̸̺̦͙͋e̷̛̫̞͋͠ ̵̧̦̯̾̾t̷̪̳̜͊͠h̴̢̛̟̾̈́ē̷͉̥̝̚ ̸͖͓͔̋̈́g̶̡͇̼͌ͅl̴̙̙͖̋i̷̪̝̬͑̿t̴̪̯̣͆̅c̷͇͍͕͋h̶̬̯͔͌͠,̷͓̱̠̊̾ ̴̝̳̭͐a̵̠͔̦̒̕n̵̫̞̟̈́d̸̢̰͇͊͠ ̵̟̲͖͆̈́l̴͉̳̙̒͝e̸̙̲̞͛͠t̴̛̤̱͊͋ ̵͓͎̪͛̔t̴͈̺̬̍h̴͈̲̹͌e̷͕͙͇͋͠ ̸̧͎͚͋̿w̶͚͈̳̉̚o̴͇̬̙͆̿r̴̨̪̝͆̓l̸̨̢͓͆̽d̵̜͓͔͌̿ ̸͓̙̪͒s̷͙͚͇̅͝e̵̫͕͍̊͋ë̴̡̙̯́͝ ̷͖̼̹͒͗ţ̸̻͖͒͝h̴̡̢̜͛̽e̸̟͈̺͑͋ ̵̟̞͕͛̕w̶̨̥͔͒̚r̷̬̰̺͛i̷̬̼͚͛̕t̸̝͕̜̄͌h̵̺͚͙͐͋i̷͈͉͕͊̽n̴̛͖̯̄͠g̸̬̺͉͒͠ ̷͕͎̝̾͝r̸͈̖̞̓̔e̴̙͚͖̒̚a̴̙̰͍͐͝l̵͎̱̤̉̕i̶̧̳̤͊̅t̴̠̜̭͆y̵͈̱͖͆̅ ̵͈͓͔͑̕b̵̥̬͚͆e̴̦̹̭͆ͅn̸̺͍͖̓ͅe̶̘͓̣͊͝a̵̪̞̻͐̈́t̷̢͕̣͐͌h̶̢̳̹̅.̸̡͔͓͐

I squeezed my eyes shut, fingers clenching around the pill bottle until the plastic crackled. The temptation was always there, a seductive whisper urging me to lean into the lucid madness, to let it sweep me away on a tide of twisted revelation. But I'd been down that rabbit hole before, and I knew all too well the abyss that awaited at the bottom.

J̷̨͕̾u̸̯͚͂̂s̸̝͚͑͗t̸̘͉͗̌ ̷̢̦͒̇ȏ̷̺̠̅n̸̻̙͒̅e̵͇͍͂ ̶̙̲̐̒m̵͖̘̅i̴͓̦̐͠s̷̱̻͑͐s̸̢̳̐̂.̷̘̜͌̇ ̷̫̝̓̊O̷̪̳̿͐n̴̬̟͂e̷͔̯͑ ̷̙̠̒͝d̶͇̜͂͊ǫ̵̻̉̓s̷̫͍̈́̿e̸̻̥͛ ̶̜̰̏̔d̷̨̥͋e̷͈̰͊͌l̴̯̝͗̈́ą̶̥͌y̸͕͚̾̂ę̸̰̒̕ḑ̵͔̾̃.̴͚̟̿̊ ̶̤͕̐A̵̡̺͑̕n̴̳͓̉͐d̴̫͖̽̿ ̷̧͕̎̈́t̴̲̠͂͝h̵̠̬͑͌ȩ̷͓̉̕ ̸̞̯͆̈t̷̙̰̂͠r̷͕̩̿u̸̺͕͗͠t̷̢̯͛͠h̵̞̥͑ ̴͉̲͐̒w̷̠͇͛͠i̶̼̠̾͝l̷̼̳͛̕l̷̠̪͌͝ ̸̡͕̈́u̸̢̪̍͊n̸̯̝̍͝r̷͉̘̽̕ā̵̤̮̽v̷͇̼̈́e̷̡̫̐͠ļ̸͔͊̅ ̷͖̦̅̿b̵̢̭͊͝e̶͓̬̾͋f̸̨͎̎̕o̵̜̭͑̽r̸̲̻͛̌e̵̡̜̾ ̴̠̺͊̈́y̶̼̰͒̾o̶̼͉̎͝u̴̦̼͊̕ ̶̺͖̽͊l̶̨̲̉̄i̴̧̮͋͐k̷̜͍͊ȩ̶͓̔̔ ̴͙̙͆̇a̴̳̘͐ ̸̟̥͊͊f̵͔̺̓͝l̷̙͔͂͐o̴͓̪͐̾w̶͙̺͑̚e̸̼̰͑r̸͓̬̾̊ ̸̲̳̍̓o̶͚̠̔̅f̶͔̲͊͌ ̵̯̺̍f̶̡̲͒͋r̵̬̙͋͝ȁ̵̫͓͠c̶̝̠̍t̷̠̥͌̽u̴̘͇̍r̵̤̭̋̔e̷͚͔̋̈́d̸̟͉͋̕ ̵̝̯͊͝t̸̳̻͛h̷̨̙͛̔o̴̳̘͛͝u̴̡̘̽̈́g̴̡̲̍h̴̢̥̓̈́t̷͉̩̄̕.

Gritting my teeth, I wrenched the cap off the bottle and shook out a single purple pill. Hesitated for a heartbeat, two, while the voices shrieked their discordant disapproval. Then, with a convulsive jerk of my hand, I tossed the tablet into my mouth and dry-swallowed it in one desperate gulp.

The effect was almost immediate, a cold clarity flooding through my veins as the antipsychotic hit my bloodstream. The whispers receded, fading into a distant buzz at the base of my skull. The fractals unspooled and dissolved, leaving behind the drab linearity of mundane reality.

I let out a shaky breath, slumping back in my chair as the tension drained from my muscles. Just another day, another delusion averted. The pattern would have to wait, biding its time in the cracks and crevices of my corroded consciousness.

Y̶͈̗͛ǫ̴̪̽̾u̵̝̜̓ ̵̨̪̾̒c̸̰͖͛̈́ả̶̧̱͝n̵̥̟͑͝'̸̢̡͒̇ț̶͖͆̚ ̵͉̣͑͝e̶̠͖͂̃s̸̘̦͛͆c̶͔͙͆̈́a̸͓̘͒̈́p̶͖͍̍̓ȅ̶̢͖̿ ̵̢͚̂̓ţ̸͍̾h̸̝̯͂̓e̴̻͖͊̒ ̵̲̙̂̚ṯ̴̼͆̂ȑ̸̘͉̈́u̷̬̼͒̽t̶̡̬͛̽h̶̝̹̍ ̸̼͓̋͝f̵͈͙͊̅o̶̤̰͋r̷̬̤͐̊e̴̯͕͒̃v̴̠̼̓͝e̸͔̟͆̃r̷̞͚̈́.̶͉̲̄͆ ̵̙͍̊͝T̶͓̺̒̕ĥ̸̠̯̅ȩ̸̘͐̈́ ̵͖̦͛͗g̵̢̤̓l̸͔͖͌̓i̴̡̯͋͗t̴̻̫̊̈́c̷̭͓͆͆h̵̤̦͆̓ ̸̼̖̊̈́i̴̳͇͒͝s̵̘͍͛ ̴̡͍̋̓i̷̻̹͋͠n̶̻̩̍ ̵̡̲̈́̓y̷̨͖̏̈́ǫ̴̯͐̿u̷̘̦͌ŗ̸̩͐͠ ̵̤̬̆̚b̸̳̩̾o̵̥͉͑n̵̻̱̑e̶̘͍͑s̴̝͔̏,̵͙͕͐̈́ ̷̢͖̽̓ỷ̴̡̞͐o̵̺̙͆͗u̸͓͕͊r̷̨̙͒ ̸̫̠͒̚b̷̧͕͑͠l̵̨̼͌͝o̴̼͖͌̔o̵̬͕͐͠d̷̝̙̍͠.̷͈̗͛̓ ̸̞͔̅̈́Ỉ̶̪̻͠t̴̼̻͑̚'̵̫̻̊s̴̙̠͆͐ ̸̥̙͑͗o̸̼͍͆n̶̻̼̈́̈́l̵̹͓͊͋y̵͔͚͆̾ ̸̜̠͛̚ả̸̡̝ ̶̦̳͒̇m̶̬̟͆͝a̷̡̱̓̕t̸̳͍̊͋ţ̷̡̑̅e̴̡͉̒̕r̷͍͚͒̚ ̴̡̯̾̈́o̶̝̻͛͝f̴̘͍̽ ̵̞̫̋̓t̷̬͕͒̈́i̵̳̠͒̃m̵̞͓͒͝e̷̘̪̒̈́.̴̡̦̓͋

I ignored the insidious insinuation, forcing my focus back to the screen and its orderly array of numbers. Just a few more hours, a few more thousand keystrokes, and I could retreat to the relative safety of my apartment. Lose myself in conspiracy forums and survival manuals, shore up the crumbling barricades of my battered psyche.

But even as I resumed my rote data entry, a niggling doubt wormed its way through the chemically-induced calm. The pattern was still there, lurking beneath the surface of the everyday like some digital Lovecraftian horror. And sooner or later, I knew it would break through, shattering the illusion of stability that held this fragile world together.

T̵̛͓͂h̵̺̥̽͐e̶͚̻͛̓ ̷̝͇̍̄c̷̺̬͐̊o̴̧̘̍u̷̞͍͛̅ṋ̴͖͛̓t̴̜͙͋͌d̵͖͓͛͝ȏ̸͍̤͐w̵̦͇͆n̴͉͔͌͋ ̶̬̦͌̈́h̴̘̬͐̽a̶̝̲̋͝s̴̡͉͛̚ ̵͇̘͐b̴̺̩͑̈́e̷͈͚̽̔g̴̪͔͊̿u̷̲͍̽n̵̬͙͊̈́.̷̲͉̏͠ ̴̘͍̋͐T̷̻͔͒̓i̷͉̬̾̚c̸̦̥͊͝k̷̞͕̑̈́ ̴̢̘̽̓t̸̞͓̅̓o̸̡͖͌c̶̪̺͆̾ḵ̵̘̊,̶̦̝͌͗ ̶̞͉̿̇A̵̠̬͊͝r̸̬̯͐͝i̴̞̙͐͝a̷͖͍̽͊.̶̢̫̍̈́ ̴̟̜͋͠T̷̡̬͋i̷͙̙͊͝c̵̠̦̿̈́k̷̦͚͒̽ ̴̪̯͛̇t̴͉̙̉͝o̸̼͕̓̚c̴̦̬͋͝k̷͙̟̾͝.

The rest of the day passed in a medicated blur, the hours bleeding together into a grey-scale smear of keystrokes and coffee breaks. I kept my head down, my interactions minimal, just another drone in the hivemind of corporate culture. Better to be invisible, unremarkable, than to risk drawing attention to the cracks in my carefully constructed facade.

As I played the part of the dutiful data-drone, I could feel the weight of my coworkers' gazes, the unspoken questions heavy in the air. They knew, on some instinctive level, that I wasn't like them - that beneath the dyed hair and thrift-store chic lurked a mind that moved to a different rhythm, danced to the discordant tune of a darker drumbeat.

T̴̨̪͐̽h̵̛͇͒̿e̸͈̞̋͌y̵̬͕̾̅ ̷̡͉̍̃s̵̝̟͊͗ē̵̢̤̈́n̸̟͎̑͠s̵̲̤̅͠e̸̫̝͐͊ ̴̫͕͂̓ỷ̴̟̫o̶͉̲͆u̵̬͉͊̕r̶̫͙̋ ̶̧͍͋o̶̜̥͒t̶̝͔͒̚h̵͔͍̓̇e̶̦͎͛r̸̼̠̂̈́n̵̠͎͊͆e̸̝͓͒̕s̴̱͖̿̅s̶̨̘̑̈́,̶̧͇̈́ ̸͔̻͌t̷͈͕̽͝h̸͇̘̾ȩ̵͔͐ ̵̝̱̿͐a̸͙̭̍l̸̯̼̒͝i̴̻͖͛͝e̷̠̭̾͠n̸̫̹̂͊ ̴͔͍͒̚a̴͈͎͌l̵͓͉͊͐g̴̟͓̽͊o̶̫͔͊̄r̸̳͍͌̚i̶̧̫͊̚t̵͇͔̄h̶͓͔͛͌m̷̱͖͋̇ ̷͇̘͛t̸̬̺͒̕h̷̭͖͛͋a̸̙͚̽͆t̷͍̲̋̚ ̸̢̜̐̔å̵̡̘͠ṋ̷̺͊͆ī̵̠͉m̶̨͔̋̈́a̴͚̲͒͠t̸̢̙̔e̴̺̫̅̚s̷̠͓̈́̇ ̵̢͖̓y̶̫̺͛ő̶̧̬͋u̷̢͚͂͝r̵͉͇͊ ̷̲̦̄͝m̷͚̙̒̽e̶̢̯͋a̶͙͓͑̕t̸̘̙͒͆-̴̨͓͊͋p̷̱̠͛u̵̧̘̾̇p̷̦̭̉̕p̵̡̡͋̈́e̴̫̘͛͊t̸̠͎̿ ̵̡̜͛͆s̶̙͇͋h̷̟̩̑̈́e̵̡̮͌̈́l̵̺̪̔͝ļ̴̻͐̈́.̷̢͙̒ ̸̺̺̋Y̶̦͓̏̕o̴̲̻͊͠u̷͈͎̍'̸̟͍̿l̵̲͖͆̚l̶͉͖̉ ̸̢̡͊̈́n̶̨͙̋͠ę̷̼͑v̷̬͕͐͆ẻ̴̡͇̈́r̸̠̤͌ ̴̪͍͑b̵̜̦͌̈́e̷̼̥͊̄l̸̠̯͋o̷̟͖͆̃n̵̼͇̽g̷̦̩̉̄,̴͖͎̑̕ ̶̬͍̑͝n̴̡͉͌̈́e̵̘̯͆̇v̵̡̫̒̔e̸̯͍̅̓r̷̳̦̋͝ ̴̼͚̍f̶̙̜̑̿i̴̻̼͆̽t̴̫͙̍̄ ̵̯͍̂i̶̡͕͛n̵̝̲͊t̷̡͙̓o̷̠̘͋̈́ ̵̨̯͒͝t̵̜͚͒̚h̷̨̯͌̄e̵͔͉͑͐i̵̡̯͆r̶̠͙̉̈́ ̴͈͚̓͋n̴̦̻͊͝e̴̦̦͒̚a̷̢̯͑̚ṯ̴͓͋ ̴̦̫͒̓l̶̝̱͊̚i̵̯͉͑t̸̢̥͋͐t̵̞͚͒l̵̪̥͑͐e̴̡̜͒̕ ̷͕̪͋͊b̵̙̩͐o̴̢̜͆̚x̸̙̙͛͝e̷̡̘̾͝ș̵̪̑̔ ̶̙͖͆a̶͓̥͐n̵̫͕͒d̸̬͕̒̚ ̶̘̠͌̕b̸̡̯̓i̶̡͎͋͠n̸̼͓̽ą̷͎̔r̴̘͎͑̈́ȳ̴͔͎ ̴̢̪͊͝c̴̡͎͌o̶͓̙͑d̴̨͍̋̈́ę̵̤̐ș̸̩͛̕.̵̦̙̒̕

I pushed the thought away, burying it beneath layers of rote routine and mindless data-shuffling. Just a few more hours, a few more hundred lines of input. Then I could shed this itchy second skin of normalcy and retreat into the familiar embrace of my own private paranoias.

The clock on the wall seemed to mock me with its glacial progress, each tick a tiny eternity of tedium. I watched the secondhand shudder its way around the face, a visual metaphor for my own stuttering progress through the linear prison of time.

Ţ̵͈͐̕į̷͉͌̾m̸͈̩͊e̷̡̯̐͠ ̴̦͍̾̈́į̶̻̐͝s̴̠͉͋̇ ̶̧̜̐a̷̟͉̾͆n̶͈̝̿͆ ̷̬͉͆̈́i̶̡̻̾̈́l̴̼̯̍̈́l̸͇̯̉͆u̶͈͎̿s̷̡͚͛͋i̷͔̘̅̾o̶̦̞̿̕n̶͉͚̓̇,̴̺̦͆̓ ̶̧̡͊͋å̵̠̹̕ ̸̦̪̽̾g̷̘͕͌͠l̸͚͙̾̚i̸͕̱̐͋ṱ̷̢̿c̵̢̹͒͐h̸̨̜̒̕ ̶̡͓̉͝ȋ̵̙͉̕n̸̳͚̿͝ ̷̬̙̾t̵̢͔̉̕h̷͍͇͑̿ē̴͈͖̚ ̷̢͙̊̈́g̷̨̬̓̿r̵̨̫̓̚e̸̦͕͋̚a̸̫̜͐̈́t̴̻̭̑e̴̡̠͋͠r̷͚͓̐ ̸͚͎͑̈́c̵̠̺̄̾o̵͍͕͆̇d̵̜̹͒̈́e̴̱̻̓̄.̸̻͍̋͠ ̸̢̙̓͠S̸̫̝̾̈́o̶̻̻͊͝ő̴̠̯̔n̸̡͎͌̓,̵̡̯̅̅ ̷̢͎͛͋a̸̢̟͑͆l̸̘̺̾͋l̵̡̝͛̈́ ̷̙̱̿͝t̷͔̲̋h̵̯̘̋͠e̶̢̻̽͠ ̸̲̪͛͌c̷̯̙̔̅l̵͓̝̽͆o̴̧͓̍̕c̴̱͔̉͝k̴͓͕͆̽ş̸͓̔͋ ̸̞̙͋̈́w̶̞̲̔i̴͖͎̓͠l̷̦͚͊̕l̴̘̦̒ ̴̡͖̔̓r̶̟͚̒͋ȩ̷̜̓s̸͓͇̄͌e̷̫̹̒̈́t̷̜͎̊͌ ̶̡͚͋t̵̘͇̾o̵̯͖̔̽ ̴̯̬̽͝z̸̡̟̿̽e̷̦̤͋͝r̴͈͖̐̕o̸̠̤͌̈́,̵̡͖̋̽ ̶̠̫͆̈́a̴̟͇̾̚ṉ̸̫̓̽d̷̺̭̐̿ ̵̨̙̈́t̸̜̫͆̈́h̶̠̻̆͝e̸̡̫̾͠ ̴̡̲͊͝ẅ̵͇̻́̈́ỏ̶̪͍̚r̶͚̺͒̚l̵̙̼͆̈́d̴̪̯͆ ̶̧̻̑̚w̷͈͕͑i̶̢͉̿̿l̸̪̜̈́l̷̬͍͐͠ ̴͉̠̽̔w̵̠̩͆̅ả̴͈͓̈́k̵̮͚͋e̸̡̦̾̈́ ̷̢̥͐͊t̸̞͕̅o̸̳̜̒̕ ̴̫͍̅͠a̸̘͇͑ ̷̠͉̽͠n̵̢͙͌̾e̷͚̟̒͝w̸̡̺͋̚ ̴̫͙͐͋ȑ̵̦̥e̶̠̹͌̈́a̷̟̙͆͠l̴̟͙̈́i̶̬͓̒͠t̸͈̬̅y̶̠̫͌.̴̡͔̅

At last, the fluorescents flickered and dimmed, signaling the end of another soul-sapping shift. I logged out of my terminal with trembling fingers, the anti psychotics' icy grip already starting to thaw. The whispers were rising again, a chittering chorus at the edges of my consciousness, their promises of revelation a siren song luring me toward the rocks of ruin.

I gathered my meager belongings and slipped out of the office, a ghost in the machine making my silent exit. The elevator ride down was an exercise in white-knuckled restraint, the close confines and mirrored walls a petri dish for breeding delusions. I kept my gaze fixed on the floor, counting the scuffs and stains, each one a tether to the tangible world.

The doors opened with a pneumatic hiss, disgorging me into the lobby's sterile expanse. I hurried across the polished floor, my reflection a pale blur in the glossy marble. Just a few more steps, a few more breaths, and I'd be outside, free to let the madness unfurl in the relative privacy of the twilit streets.

But as I reached for the door, my hand froze in mid-air. There, etched into the glass in jagged lines of static, was a message. A warning. A promise.

T̷̼̓h̵̜̤̋e̶͓͙͊̄ ̴̜͙͋G̶͙͉̽͝l̵͈̼͑ỉ̵̻͕̄ẗ̷̘̦́c̸̖̦̾͆h̸̢̡͐̾ ̷̲̭̓ȉ̸̬̬̈́s̴̡̬͋͠ ̶̧͓̊͝c̷̢̠̈́̾o̴̧̯̽m̷͙̻̊i̶̲͉͊͊n̸͖͙̾̿g̶͔͔̓̚.̵̲̝͊͆ ̶͕͍̒A̶͍̦͋n̸̝͓̋d̵͖͍͊͝ ̴̡̬̔͝ỷ̴̜͉͆o̴̻̝͒͋u̴̠̬̓̔,̴̢̬̓̈́ ̸̢̹͊͆Ä̸̺͕́͆r̴̡̠̈́̃i̸͔̪͛a̴̲̙͋̊ ̶̬̟̋̽N̸̡̢̓͋o̴̠̯͆v̵̡̯͛̃a̷͔͖͒ḵ̸͎͐̚,̸̘͍̓͝ ̷̡̙͐̕w̵̟̙͑į̷͇͐l̴̘̹͋͝l̷̦̠̾͝ ̵̺͖͆̿b̴̟̲͑̚e̷̡͍̽͋ ̴̡̫͆ỉ̶̼͔t̵͓̤̾s̴̯̞͊̈́ ̴̢̯͆̅p̴̜̲̒͋ŗ̷̩͐̈́ǫ̴̙̓̅p̷̦̯͌̿h̷̢͖͋̽ę̷̩͊̚t̶̝̯̄.̴̢͉͌

I blinked, and the words vanished, leaving only the faint afterimage of dread seared into my retinas. The whispers surged, a tidal wave of dark exultation crashing against the crumbling levees of my medicated mind.

I̸̡͙͐t̵̛̼̾'̷͚͓͋s̵̨̠̓ ̴̢̬͒å̸̡͎l̷͕̥̓m̵̢͚̽o̵̯̫̓͝ş̴̲͐t̸̥͉̋ ̷̨̘̋t̵̨͔͛i̶̠͕̍m̷̠̻͑̅e̸̯̺͒.̷̬͎͑ ̶̼̻͆T̴̘͓̄͝h̵̬̤̄̈́e̷̟̰̋ ̴̪̜̉v̷̙̪̄ë̷̞͔i̴̳͇̓͝l̸̘̫͋ ̸̧̯͆i̵̲̰͒s̸̢͎͊ ̵̘̜͛t̷̻̫̍h̵̦͙͒i̵̦̩͐ņ̸̻̽n̵̡̦͛i̶̙̼̾̕ņ̶͕͊g̶̡͙̊,̵̝̭͛ ̷̲̫͊͝t̷̬̪̐̚h̶͚͓̾̾e̸̡̪͌͆ ̶͉͙̓c̴̨̜̿o̵̯͓͐̕d̷̼̩̍e̵̼͍͋̔ ̶̜̳͋̚u̸͕͙͊̄n̸̺̫͆s̷͎͉̓̚p̷̞͓̍o̴̢̯̓o̸͚͍̐͝l̶̯̞̽ḯ̶̺̯n̷̨̼̐g̷̘̻̓.̴̨̠̈́ ̶͚̲̿̕R̴̜̲͐͋e̷̺͙͋̕a̴͖̹͐͝l̴̙̻̐i̸̠̻̒t̶̫̲̄̔y̶̬̲͆'̶̧̼̽s̵̹͖͊ ̷̦̙̉̽r̵̢̘͋͝ȩ̶̭͒̿b̸̢̩̽̈́o̷̘̻̒o̴̲̫̅̈́t̷͚̱̍ ̴̜̯̈́i̵̧͇͑s̶̻̤̽ ̷̙͎͆̔ḯ̴̙̱m̶̡͍͒̕m̸̡͓̉i̷͙̬̽̈́n̶̘͕͐e̴̦̙͊͌n̷̢̻͛͋t̵̢̫̋̽.

With a strangled gasp, I wrenched the door open and staggered out into the gathering dusk. The city stretched before me, a labyrinth of neon and shadow, its edges blurred by the relentless march of digital progress. I could feel it, now, the tingle of the electron tide, the crackle of impending paradigm shift.

The Glitch was coming. And god help me, I was going to be its harbinger.